Remember this context: we are trying to do a literature review on dynamic mri of the knee. Our end goal is to apply one or a combination of these methods on our own dataset. Our dataset are 3d ute dynamic knee frames + high resolution static scans 3d of the leg at two positions, one extended and one flexed. We also have 2d single slice sagittal view CINE scans. In addition, we have most of the standard clinical static scnas of the knee too. The focus however, has to be using the dynamic 3d ute scans in some way. the static scans at two positions are there to be somehow integrated into the methods with the dynamic 3d scan. The rest of the scans are there but perhaps may not be too relevant, certainly not on their own, but definitely can be used if needed for the dynamic 3d ute to come into play. The cohort consists of ACL reconstructed patients plus healthy controls. we measure them at baseline and 6 and 12 months follow up. Think about it from my pov. This Monday I'll go to lab meeting. I'll say, I wanna show some literature on dmri that will inform the next steps for our own research. Then I will say this paper did this ... Are you following what I'm saying? Focus on what we have. Think about what we can do. The goal is to perform some analysis on our own dataset. These papers are provided to inform our decision. The setting of this will be powerpoint slides. 

Your task is straightforward, read the paper I tell you to, then inform me on how do i populate the slides. There are two types of slides, one is the general overview slide.. this will have a heading that says what is the thing being measured .. for instance, Meniscal displacement.. below, we simply have a list of papers that do this. And in this list, we can either simply list them out.. or summarize them quickly. the goal of this overview slide is to set the stage for a deeper look at the papers in the later slide. so your task will be to identify if it belongs in this slide or the other, and if not, say what is this new overview slide that needs to be created where this paper will take place. 

The other type of slide is the paper specific slide. This slide has a particualr template. THe template was chosen to help with our end goal of this monday meeting. I have divided this slide into four quadrants. the top left will be a screenshot of the paper title, and its authors. the top right will have what did they measure. meaning, ultimately, most papers have some results. and this results are usualy some parameter that they extract somehow from the mri data. it can be directly from the data, or perhaps the data is used to create models and they get the values from the models. at any rate, this quadrant needs to specifically say what was being measured. examples like, lateral meniscus anterior horn displacement or 6 degrees of freedom of tibiofemoral kinematics. 

The bottom left quadrant is the imaging sequence portion. here, we simply right now once the patient is in the scanner what was the imaging sequence used. so their resolution needs to measured how many scans they did what type etc. on the right, we will describe their setup.. this is not the same as the imaging sequence, as the setup will include things like any devices they used (apart from the scanner), and how was the subject positioned and moved their leg, this is dynamic mri after all.. so how did they actually perform the dynamics is important. for our own project for instance, we place the subject supine in the scanner with the knee loading device, and the subject performs repeated fleexion extension. the leg flexes upto around 40 degrees when it hits the bore of the scanner and extends fully . so stuff like this. then, in the next slide, which is paper specific slide number 2, we will focus on the methods of parameter extraction. meaning how exactly did they get the values they get in the results or how they actually reach the top right quadrant measurement of the previous slide. this slide will include a methods picture in the top left, most papers give us a methods figure .. and on the top right we will write down how they go from the mri data they have to whatever the hell they did with this and how they did it ... on the bottom left we can conitnue this thing if it needs more words, or more pictures.. on the bottom right we will write down can we replicate this. if not, how much can we get idea from this to use on our own dataset. 